Add disambiguation about custom registries for Software (#2835)
astronomer/docs: software/install-airgapped.md

- Astronomer Helm charts from `helm.astronomer.io`
- Astronomer version information from `updates.astronomer.io`

If you cannot use public repositories and networks for your installation, you can install Astronomer in an airgapped environment. An airgapped environment is a locked-down environment with no access to or from the public internet.

This guide explains how to configure your system to install Astronomer without access to the public internet by moving Astronomer images to an accessible registry in your airgapped environment. After completing this setup, follow Steps 1 to 8 in the [AWS](install-aws-standard.md), [Azure](install-azure-standard.md), or [GCP](install-gcp-standard.md) installation guide to finish your installation.

> :::info
> 
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Astronomer Helm charts from `helm.astronomer.io`
- Astronomer version information from `updates.astronomer.io`

If you cannot use public repositories and networks for your installation, you can install Astronomer in an airgapped environment. An airgapped environment is a locked-down environment with no access to or from the public internet.

This guide explains how to configure your system to install Astronomer without access to the public internet by moving Astronomer images to an accessible registry in your airgapped environment. After completing this setup, follow Steps 1 to 8 in the [AWS](install-aws-standard.md), [Azure](install-azure-standard.md), or [GCP](install-gcp-standard.md) installation guide to finish your installation.

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info
```

> If you have some means to allow traffic to the public internet, e.g. a proxy that allows a list of accepted destinations/sources, that will make the airgapped installation much easier. This page assumes an environment without any possibility of accessing the public internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have some means to allow traffic to the public internet, such as a proxy that allows a list of accepted destinations/sources, that will make the airgapped installation much easier. This page assumes an environment without any possibility of accessing the public internet.
```
What's the purpose of this note? How is a user supposed to act on this information?

Reviewer: I get that context, I guess I feel uneasy about saying "There's a much easier way to do this, but we don't have that documented".

In my Software experience, there hasn't been a demand for content related to a semi-airgapped install yet. And Software install docs tend to be worked through by an Astro team member and a Software customer side-by-side. If there is a demand for a different install experience, I'd prefer we document it rather than make a suggestion towards it.

Author: Actually let's just remove it! I agree with your suggestion. going to add it now 👍
